Kim Edit Azure Service Bus Connector (#920)
mulesoft/docs-connectors: microsoft-azure-sb/3.0/modules/ROOT/pages/azure-service-bus-connector-examples.adoc

= Azure Service Bus Connector 3.0 Examples - Mule 4

> There are demos available that you can download and configure for your own environment to see different flows that use the Azure Service Bus Connector operations. 

Reviewer: Try to avoid beginning sentences with "There is" or "There are." 
For some readers, there is a slight cognitive disconnect about the subject of the sentence, and it is a weird sort of passive voice.
```suggestion
To see different flows that use the Azure Service Bus Connector operations, import and configure for your own environment one of the available demo projects. 
```

> == Import the Demo Projects

Reviewer: ```suggestion
== Import All Demo Projects
```
OR
```suggestion
== Import the Demo Projects Folder
```

> Download the `demo` folder and import the demo projects into Anypoint Studio.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To download the `demo` folder and import the demo projects into your instance of Anypoint Studio:  
```

. Go to `https://github.com/mulesoft/mule4-azure-service-bus-messaging-connector` and download the connector as a ZIP file.
. Extract the files from the downloaded ZIP file.
. In Studio, go to *File > Import*.
. Select *Anypoint Studio > Anypoint Studio Project from File System* and click *Next*.

> . In *Project Root*, navigate to the `<download-location>-mule4-azure-service-bus-messaging-connector/demo/` and select it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. In *Project Root*, navigate to `<download-location>-mule4-azure-service-bus-messaging-connector/demo/` and select it.
```

> . In *Server runtime*, select *Mule Server 4.2.x* (or later).

Reviewer: Maybe this is just me, but it seems a bit odd to quote a UI label selection and then provide an alternative "(or later)".
What about...:
```suggestion
. In *Server runtime*, select your server version, which must be 4.2.x or later.
```

. Click *Finish*. +
Each project folder contains its own `README` with instructions for running the demo. 

> == Send and Receive

Reviewer: So I wasn't too sure how this followed the previous topic chronologically, or it it should even be at the same level.
It's just one of the demos that the audience has just downloaded, right?
So...maybe a more precise title?
```suggestion
== Example Send and Receive Demo Project Flow
```
? Or something better that you come up with.

> This flow is from the `mule-azure-service-bus-messaging-connector-send-receive-demo` project and shows an example of how to use the Send and Receive From Queue operations to  send and receive messages:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following flow illustrates one of the demo projects, `mule-azure-service-bus-messaging-connector-send-receive-demo`, providing you with an example of how to use the Send and Receive From Queue operations to send and receive messages:
```
